README.md, before:

# Electron ArtGEN

This app is intended as an exploration into the features of Electron, since I have never used this framework before.

My goal is to make an application that can generate pseudo-random artpieces. In doing so, I will be able to learn a number things about creating apps in Electron:
- how to build & deploy on multiple platforms
- how to organize a multi-level project in a hierarchy
- how to work within the Electron framework through reading their documentation
- and more!

---

## Examples

### Random Colors
![Example1](examples/example1.jpg) 

### Happy
![Happy1](examples/happy1.jpg) 

### Calm
![Calm1](examples/calm1.jpg) 

### Love
![Love1](examples/love1.jpg) 

### Empty
![Empty1](examples/empty1.jpg) 

---

## Resources

- Core HTML and JavaScript files are based on Electron's simple sample projects, specifically the hash project
    - https://github.com/electron/simple-samples/tree/master/hash 
- Grid layout used for generating some of the artwork
    - https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/02/generated-content-grid-layout/
	- https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_grid_item.asp 
- Emotional effect of colors
    - https://londonimageinstitute.com/how-to-empower-yourself-with-color-psychology/

Commit message:

Added build info to readme

README.md, after:

# Electron ArtGEN

This app is intended as an exploration into the features of Electron, since I have never used this framework before.

My goal is to make an application that can generate pseudo-random artpieces. In doing so, I will be able to learn a number things about creating apps in Electron:
- how to build & deploy on multiple platforms
- how to organize a multi-level project in a hierarchy
- how to work within the Electron framework through reading their documentation
- and more!

---

## Current Build: v0.1.0

Having issues building for non-native platforms (I'm using a Windows computer). To build for your platform, make sure electron-forge is installed, then type `npm run make` and it should auto-detect your computer system. You can also try running it as an Electron app, using `npm install & npm start`.

--- 

## Examples

### Random Colors
![Example1](examples/example1.jpg) 

### Happy
![Happy1](examples/happy1.jpg) 

### Calm
![Calm1](examples/calm1.jpg) 

### Love
![Love1](examples/love1.jpg) 

### Empty
![Empty1](examples/empty1.jpg) 

---

## Resources

- Core HTML and JavaScript files are based on Electron's simple sample projects, specifically the hash project
    - https://github.com/electron/simple-samples/tree/master/hash 
- Grid layout used for generating some of the artwork
    - https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/02/generated-content-grid-layout/
	- https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_grid_item.asp 
- Emotional effect of colors
    - https://londonimageinstitute.com/how-to-empower-yourself-with-color-psychology/
